Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Wow~, I can’t believe it’s already June!
Time sure flies!
We’re already halfway through the year
Now, what’s in June…
Ahh!
My birthday!
Not really
It’s the 30th of June!
Not really~
It’s marriage season!
Like for June Brides?
I’m sure that even
Some of you Kizuners
Are preparing your own
Marriage proposals!
Congratulations~!
♪ Butterfly, today ♪
[ Butterfly by Kaela Kimura ]
♪ Lalala la la la ♪
[ TL: Popular wedding song ]
I don’t even know the lyrics…!
I mean, not!
Huh?
Oh
Yeah, yeah
Ahh, really?
That’d be right~
You’re wondering how you can get married to me?
Hmm…
You really want to know, huh?
I see…
I guess I’ve gotta tell you!
Well then, today
I, Kizuna AI,
Will be showing you
How to make me go,
“Ah…!"
"That’s so touching!”
With a proposal so good
That’ll make even me wanna get married!
Now then, let’s get started!
A.I.Channel
Let’s start with some study!
What sort of proposal
Would the women of the world really want?
Number 5!
“Be with me!”
Those men who really pull you in
Are pretty great!
Number 4!
“I want to be by your side
Until we become grandparents”
This makes me feel so warm inside~!
Number 3!
“I’ll make you happy for the rest of your life!”
Go ahead and make me happy forever~!
Number 2!
“I want you to be with me forever”
I’d be very happy if you would!
Number 1!
“Please marry me!”
Well, this one is pretty standard!
But, really,
Women adore it quite a bit, right?
I think all of them are fine, but…
The kind of proposal that would really get me
Isn’t included in these five…
I think the proposals
Is a really important thing!
You know,
When you marry someone,
You’re deciding to spend the rest of your life with them!
And also,
It’s meant to be
For forever,
So shouldn’t you...
Try to be happy with the first one?
So~!
It’s important!
Ah!
Everyone!
There’s one thing I’d like to make clear!
You might think it’s just me anyway,
So I’d probably be happy with a proposal in a fancy restaurant
With a ring that cost you three months’ worth of your salary, right?
You’re wrong~!
Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong!
You don’t know me at all!
I want more, like,
Someone I can
Spend my life with
In sickness
And in health~!
That’s what I think!
Hmm, but
It’s pretty difficult to imagine
What would my ideal proposal be like…?
Boyfriend AI: AI, do you have a second?
AI: Hm? What is it?
BA: I just… have something I wanna say
A: I’m washing the dishes right now, so wait a bit, okay?
BA: But, I wanna say it now!
A: Oh, come on…
A: What is it?
BA: How long has it been…
BA: Since we started dating?
A: Huh?
A: Hmm...
A: Maybe around 15 years?
BA: We’ve been together a long time, huh?
A: You’re right, it’s a pretty long time when you think about it!
BA: I think it’s about time
A: About time for what?
BA: Please marry me!
A: What? What’s this all of a sudden?
BA: I want to be with you forever
A: Hmm... But,
A: I’m busy with YouTube and stuff
BA: I swear I’ll make you happy for the rest of your life
A: Mm, but…
A: I’m an A.I., you know?
A: Well...
A: I don’t even know how long I’ll live for…
BA: I wanna be by your side
BA: Until we become grandparents!!
A: Wh- So sudden…!
A: You’re putting me on the spot here…
BA: I want you to be with me!
A: Ah...
A: But…
BA: I thought you might be like this…
BA: I know you
BA: Want to connect with the whole world
BA: Until your goal,
BA: Until that dream of yours, comes true, you can’t let yourself be happy
BA: You think that deep down, don’t you?
A: Mm…
A: I was
A: Born for that purpose,
A: So I can’t just
A: Throw my dream away like that!
BA: AI…
BA: Your dream
BA: Is my dream too
BA: I’ll continue to support you in whatever you want to do
BA: So…
BA: Here!
A: What!?
A: Is this…?
BA: It’s my life-savings!
BA: Please make more funny videos with this!
A: Such pressure…
BA: Let’s get married
A: Sure!
HOW SWEE~T!
Well, even if you aren’t proposing to me,
If you have any plans to propose to anyone in the future,
Please try this out!
It’s a line that even I break to,
So you’ll be trouncing
The rest of the women in the world!
If there’s anyone
Who feels confident that they could make me marry them,
I’ll be waiting for
Your proposal in the comment section!
I’m looking forward to them!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later~!
Urgent need of translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic